Phase 1 - MVP Data Model

Relevant Plans:
    Mocking API calls - I might mock the API calls to an "AI" until I can make one. If so, I'll store the data in DB and hit that instead?

Entities:
    Encounter -  Anytime a health care provider and a patient interact (for purposes of care)
    Patient -  A single human being that has an EMR/EHR tracked in the system and gets care through encounters (and more, but not for my project).
    Provider - A single human being that is provides care to a patient during an encounter.
    Patient Medications - 0 to many medications prescribed to the patient
    Medication Request - The medication being prescribed, current medications, and other info relevant to making the drug-drug interaction prediction
    Predictions - The actual prediction of drug-drug interactions generated per each Medication Request.
    Medication Order -  An order for a patient to take a medication.  (Prescriptions)
        note: if provider heads warning, the medication order will not have the drug from the request
        OR a current drug patient is on will be removed by request / order as well?
    Medications - reference table of all known medications and EMR/EHR details sbout them. RxNoc.

    ML Models - Detailed info about drug-drug interaction ml models in the system
    Training Data - Data used to train a model.
    Test Data - Data used to test a model's performance during or after training.
    Mocked Predictions - Predictions mocked for demo until integration phase.

Relationships:
    Encounter has a Patient and a Provider
    Encounter has one or more Medication Request(s)
    Medication Request is from one Provider for one Patient
    Medication Request is for 1 to many Medications
    Patient has 0 to many Patient Medications
    Medication Request generates 1 Prediction
        Prediction can contain one or more adverse warnings
    Medication Request has 0 to 1 Medication Order

Attributes:
    Encounter:
        ID
        Datetime
        Workflow
        Page
    Provider:
        Username
        Title
    Patient:
        Photo (jpg?)
        Name:
            Given Name
            Middle Name
            Family Name
        Patient Medications (0 to Many):
            Common Name
            Pharmacological Name
            Dosage Amount
            Dosage Frequency
            Dosage Duration
    Medication Request:
        Decide MVP info to use

